{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is the readme file for Melee, the character creation tool for The Fantasy Trip's game of the same name.\
\
Likely you are looking at this because you are a fan of the late '70s game of the same name.  This is not a game, but a tool for creating characters for use when playing Melee.\
\
This tool is a Mac OS X app.  It is written in Objective C and compiled for OS X version 10.7 (lion) or higher.  It has been tested but you may find errors nonetheless.  Please email me with any errors, questions, or suggestions.  geof at-symbol mac.com.\
\
There is really no help required to use the tool.  Run it.  Click "Create."  This will randomize your ST and DX within the 24 point attribute system.  If you like, just click and type in the values you want manually.  If you want a fixed attribute, like 12 ST, type that in, click the "Fixed" button next to it, then click "Create."\
Once you have your attributes, click the drop down lists to select armor, weapons, and dagger.  Your inventory and MA will update as you make selections.  Type in a name for your character.\
When done, go to the file menu and select  "Print\'85"  You can print a hard copy character sheet or save the .PDF to disk.\
Now play Melee.\
\
The EP field is in the interface for future enhancement as a playable game on the Mac.  Don't hold your breath.  However, if you would like, you are more than welcome to help build out a playable game.  Source code is available online.  The project is currently maintained here: https://github.com/geofgibson/Melee}